section	target	field	content
signal	driver	chapterSummary	You move early and take ownership of what needs to happen. You are comfortable stepping in, making calls, and pushing things forward when others hesitate. This creates momentum quickly, but can at times move faster than others are ready for. Others experience you as decisive and action-oriented, someone who creates clarity by moving first.
signal	influencer	chapterSummary	You create momentum through people. You communicate ideas with energy, draw others in quickly, and keep work moving through interaction. This builds engagement, but can sometimes prioritise energy over depth. Others experience you as engaging and motivating, someone who makes progress visible and shared.
signal	implementer	chapterSummary	You turn intent into consistent output. You bring structure to execution, follow things through, and ensure work is delivered to a reliable standard. This creates stability, but can sometimes resist change once things are in motion. Others experience you as dependable and steady, someone who keeps progress moving without noise.
signal	analyst	chapterSummary	You create clarity before action. You think things through, assess options carefully, and ensure decisions are grounded in logic. This builds confidence, but can sometimes slow momentum when speed is needed. Others experience you as considered and precise, someone who brings clarity through clear thinking.
signal	achievement	chapterSummary	You are energised by progress and results. You focus on moving things forward, setting goals, and seeing tangible outcomes from your effort. This drives momentum, but can sometimes narrow focus to what can be measured. Others experience you as driven and focused, someone who gains energy from getting things done.
signal	influence	chapterSummary	You are energised by impact and visibility. You seek to shape outcomes, influence direction, and be recognised for the value you bring. This creates presence, but can sometimes place weight on how contributions are seen. Others experience you as confident and persuasive, someone who wants their impact to be felt.
signal	stability	chapterSummary	You are energised by consistency and security. You value clarity, reliability, and environments where expectations are steady and understood. This creates calm and continuity, but can sometimes resist change or disruption. Others experience you as grounded and dependable, someone who brings stability to those around you.
signal	mastery	chapterSummary	You are energised by growth and improvement. You focus on building expertise, refining your skills, and doing things well over time. This raises quality, but can sometimes prioritise depth over pace. Others experience you as thoughtful and capable, someone who takes pride in developing depth and precision.
signal	results	chapterSummary	You lead with a clear focus on outcomes. You set direction, push for progress, and keep attention on what needs to be achieved. This drives movement, but can sometimes overlook how others get there. Others experience you as direct and driven, someone who keeps things moving toward results.
signal	vision	chapterSummary	You lead by creating direction and possibility. You think ahead, share ideas about what could be, and help others see where things are going. This creates energy, but can sometimes move ahead of practical detail. Others experience you as inspiring and forward-looking, someone who brings momentum to future direction.
signal	people	chapterSummary	You lead through connection and understanding. You focus on building trust, supporting others, and creating an environment where people feel valued. This strengthens relationships, but can sometimes make difficult decisions harder to deliver. Others experience you as approachable and supportive, someone who brings people together.
signal	process	chapterSummary	You lead through structure and consistency. You focus on how work gets done, creating clarity, systems, and order that support progress. This creates reliability, but can sometimes limit flexibility when change is needed. Others experience you as organised and dependable, someone who brings order to complexity.
signal	compete	chapterSummary	You respond to tension by stepping forward and taking a clear position. You are willing to challenge, push your perspective, and move situations toward resolution. This brings clarity quickly, but can sometimes escalate tension. Others experience you as direct and assertive, someone who addresses issues head on.
signal	collaborate	chapterSummary	You respond to tension by bringing people together. You seek shared understanding, encourage input, and work toward solutions that feel aligned. This builds connection, but can sometimes slow decisions when alignment is difficult. Others experience you as open and constructive, someone who brings people into the conversation.
signal	compromise	chapterSummary	You respond to tension by finding practical middle ground. You look for balance between perspectives and aim to move things forward without escalation. This creates progress, but can sometimes dilute stronger outcomes. Others experience you as fair and pragmatic, someone who helps situations settle and move forward.
signal	avoidance	chapterSummary	You respond to tension by stepping back and reducing friction. You give space, avoid unnecessary escalation, and allow situations to settle over time. This protects stability, but can sometimes delay resolution. Others experience you as calm and non-confrontational, someone who prevents tension from intensifying.
signal	competitive	chapterSummary	You are energised by pace, challenge, and clear outcomes. You perform best when there is something to push for, where progress is visible and results matter. This drives performance, but can sometimes create intensity for others. Others experience you as focused and driven, someone who raises the level of performance.
signal	creative	chapterSummary	You are energised by variety, ideas, and the freedom to explore. You perform best where thinking is open, change is welcomed, and different approaches are encouraged. This brings fresh thinking, but can sometimes lack structure. Others experience you as adaptable and imaginative, someone who introduces new possibilities.
signal	collaborative	chapterSummary	You are energised by connection and shared effort. You perform best where people work closely together, ideas are exchanged, and progress is collective. This builds momentum through people, but can sometimes depend on others to move forward. Others experience you as supportive and engaging, someone who strengthens group effort.
signal	structured	chapterSummary	You are energised by clarity, order, and a steady rhythm of work. You perform best where expectations are defined, processes are understood, and things run consistently. This creates stability, but can sometimes feel restrictive in changing environments. Others experience you as reliable and organised, someone who brings consistency.
signal	control	chapterSummary	Under pressure, you step in and take control. You tighten direction, make decisions quickly, and focus on maintaining order. This brings clarity when things feel uncertain, but can also limit input from others. Others may experience you as decisive and firm, though at times difficult to influence.
signal	scatter	chapterSummary	Under pressure, your focus spreads across multiple priorities. You take on more, shift attention quickly, and try to keep everything moving at once. This maintains activity, but can reduce clarity and follow-through. Others may experience you as responsive and active, though sometimes stretched or unfocused.
signal	withdrawal	chapterSummary	Under pressure, you step back and reduce your involvement. You take time to think, create space, and process what is happening. This brings perspective, but can create distance when engagement is needed. Others may experience you as quieter and harder to read, especially in critical moments.
signal	critical	chapterSummary	Under pressure, your focus sharpens on what is not working. You question decisions, challenge thinking, and raise standards quickly. This can improve outcomes, but can also increase tension if not balanced. Others may experience you as incisive and exacting, though at times hard to satisfy.